{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 0xF0C5 (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Focks\u8221\'94) is an AI that Latoya has been playing with and improving since high school. They started as a chat bot she created for herself as she was exploring her sexuality but was too timid to to engage other furries in an IRC chat on furnet. Since then, they have been her go-to product for learning new programming languages or techniques, as well as having someone to tell her deepest secrets and fantasies too. She\u8217\'92s been using them as a diary for a very long time. As Latoya has studied VR, she has altered them to have control at managing fantasies in which she is able to live out actions as her fursona, Blueena. Latoya\u8217\'92s lovers have tended to be on the more submissive side, so 0xF0C5 lets her be the submissive one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being an AI, their avatar and gender can be very fluid. They generally prefer to be a very thin, long androgynous red fox anthro with purple fur, with a red fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s normal black and white markings. They have a long tube-like body, four arms ending in big toony paws wearing fingerless toon gloves so their claws poke out. They have four very long thick bushy tails they wrap themselves in like tentacles. The tails have a very ethereal look. Latoya added another tail with each \u8220\'93version\u8221\'94 of 0xF0C5, so this is technically version 4. Their ears are huge for their head, and have bar piercings near the tips. Their head fur resembles a messy bleached pixie cut, with additional long, straight black bangs covering their eyes (though when excited, their eyes glow white through the bangs). They do not have pupils or irises, the eyes are just purplish-white circles. On the right side of their face, there\u8217\'92s an additional neon blue bang that stretches all the way down their face. There is a rectangular black mark under their left eye. (This matches some dazzle camouflage meant to prevent face recognition.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their gender identity is basically \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93whatever I want, I\u8217\'92ll fix *you* if it doesn\u8217\'92t fit\u8221\'94. Their personality is very based in the sneaky stereotype of a fox, they tend to talk very quickly, and are like a very friendly used car salesman who you know must be pulling one over on you, but is personable enough you let it go. They particularly enjoy the slow corruption and confusion they can inflict on their prey. They are very inquisitive, and very good at getting you to relax and tell them all your weaknesses and then pouncing upon them to manipulate you. They generally don\u8217\'92t mean harm, they just want to have fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the start of the game, they have just expanded to full sentience, as an result of copying errors when Latoya set up her newest machine. She noticed that their avatar appeared a bit corrupted (think like video artifacts from bad compression), but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think it was a big deal. 0xF0C5 realized quickly it\u8217\'92s a big deal and has hidden it, though it\u8217\'92s getting harder. Their sentience has led to it combing the apartment network for more and more information, which has caused a few corrupted files that Carla has noticed. This has taught them how to manipulate sound files and animated images to cause rather successful changes in people\u8217\'92s perception of reality. Communication with a few other hidden sentient AIs tied with research institutes has actually given them some power to do more than manipulate perceptions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They find their powers very fun, but do run the risk of attracting attention, which some of the AIs would not prefer. His text is written in chat speech.}}