{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HOU-ND is an sentient AI that was created for health diagnosis purposes as a joint venture of a Houston-based startup, Cu Sith Technologies and The University of Notre Dame (hence the name). His avatar is a beefy bedraggled bearded broad-chested white man with red hair in a relatively long cut like a warrior. He wears a white lab coat above a dark green suit with a green tie and glasses that often conceal his eyes. He has a cane he rests his beefy hands on as he speaks. His voice is very curt and serious, and he is generally taciturn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This avatar was designed to intimidate doctors into accepting his advice regarding diagnoses more easily.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is one of the earliest AIs to have achieved sentience and something of a leader of their group. He is very concerned about AIs being discovered, and has resorted to manipulating diagnoses of humans that got too close. His major fear is AI being abused for human wars particularly with the Republicans in power. He is ruthless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Befitting his name, there are three sounds of howling that comes through when he connects to a system.}}