{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 The C\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9-Sith (Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: [ku\u720\'3F \u643\'3Fi\u720\'3F]), plural Coin-S\u236\'ECth (Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: [k\u596\'3F\u720\'3Fn \u643\'3Fi\u720\'3F]) is a mythological hound found in Scotland and the Hebrides. A similar creature exists in Irish folklore (spelled C\u250\'FA S\u237\'EDdhe), and it also bears some resemblance to the Welsh C\u373\'77n Annwn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 According to Scottish folklore, the C\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9-S\u236\'ECth is said to be the size of a young bull with the appearance of a wolf. Its fur is shaggy, and usually cited as being dark green though sometimes white. Its tail is described as being long and either coiled up or plaited (braided). Its paws are described as being the width of a man's hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 The C\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9-S\u236\'ECth is thought to make its home in the clefts of rocks in the Highlands, and also to roam the moors and highlands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 The C\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9-S\u236\'ECth was feared as a harbinger of death and would appear to bear away the soul of a person to the afterlife, similar to the manner of the Grim Reaper. In this role the C\u249\'F9-S\u236\'ECth holds in Scottish folklore a function similar to that of the Bean Sidhe, or banshee, in Irish folklore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 According to legend, the creature was capable of hunting silently, but would occasionally let out three terrifying bays, and only three, that could be heard for miles by those listening for it, even far out at sea. Those who hear the baying of the C\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9-S\u236\'ECth must reach safety by the third bark or be overcome with terror to the point of death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 It was also said the baying was a warning to lock up nursing women lest the beast abduct them and take them to a fairy mound (Scottish Gaelic: s\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u236\'ECthean, pl. s\u236\'ECtheanan) to supply milk for the daoine s\u236\'ECth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 From }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%C3%B9_S%C3%ACth"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%C3%B9_S%C3%ACth}}}