{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take place in our world, the divergence is in early 2015, when Donald Trump died of a mysterious heart attack. Conspiracy theories have flown around about his death, particularly against Obama and Hillary Clinton. However, he was actually killed by HOU-ND. Instead of Trump, Jeb Bush won the Republican Primary, and eventually the election against Hillary Clinton. (Sorry, Bernie still lost. It was an actual contested convention, though!) Jeb himself has made a \u8220\'93deal with the devil\u8221\'94 with most of Trump\u8217\'92s alt-right hangers on, who backed the eventual vice president General Ted Brady (this guy I made up) and is seen as a weak figurehead for stronger figures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bush\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s victory was a surprise in an election that looked very much like 2016 with Hillary being seen as the presumed winner by the liberal press up until election day. While Bush\u8217\'92s election didn\u8217\'92t lead to the same amount of national turmoil, it\u8217\'92s lead to some localized turmoil in response due to the Democrats being spineless and Bush being pushed around by Bannon leading to similar executive orders. Nobody is happy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OK, enough about their fake lucky world politics.}}