{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 buendia-1,helvetica,sans-serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \sa640\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 Latoya was sure of it. The speck of paint on her butt was really the most disturbing thing. She had tried her fingernail, water, soap, and even some acetone from under the sink, but it did not go away. The fingernail was most disturbing. while there was a slight seam around its edges, putting her fingernail into the seam felt like digging into her own skin. She didn't want to rip off any skin, so she gave up on it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 It was only about the size of a dime, and bright neon blue. It was a bit hard to see against her dark skin. As she rubbed her fingers over it, it felt a little bit fuzzy, but not majorly so. Perhaps like her legs a day after shaving. She thought that more than a bit strange.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 She had noticed it as she took off her panties before her shower, and had spent a good five minutes boggling at it before deciding to finish her shower. It was still there when she came out, so that's why she tried the acetone. She didn't remember working with any paint yesterday, though Carla might have... Latoya shook her head and decided to just continue on to her room and put her clothes on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 She chuckled as she put on a pair of panties, which at least covered the spot up. She picked a nice red plaid skirt from the closet, her plainest bras, and a work-safe black t-shirt. It had an image of a woman playing drums for an adoring crowd across the front. It was one of her well-liked ones she could get away with wearing at work. Her most favorite ones had more of an aggressive sexual them to them. She longingly glanced at one she could see in her drawers, but she had already heard from her boss, Ramsey, that she had been pushing the limits on what was appropriate.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 She grunted. She felt that she had done nothing more inappropriate than the some of her more geeky male coworkers with their desktops having longing anime girls on them. The way Ramsey looked at her had a very ravenous look, and she couldn't help but think that he was more embarrassed to be sexually attracted to her than actually offended by what she wore.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 She was envious of Carla working at home being a starving artist, and not having to deal with working with under-sexed men. But then again, Latoya's job allowed Carla to be a well-fed artist rather than a starving one, so really, Carla should have thanked her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 Carla was sleeping the couch, covered in little specks of hot pink paint, her blonde hair messily splayed out in every direction, despite a yellow bandanna wrapped around her head . She was snoring somewhat loudly, her body spread out like a ragdoll. She had on the same clothes as yesterday, Latoya recognized, and had probably collapsed while in the middle of working. Latoya nudged her a bit and she grunted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "Unh."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "Hey, Speedy," Latoya said quietly, "Wake up long enough to kiss me goodbye."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 Carla grumbled as she sat up and flopped forward. She pressed her lips against Latoya's belly and slopped back down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "That barely counts, you know," Latoya said angrily. Carla just mumbled something.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "So, you're going to meet me for lunch today, right? I have a meeting right at 1, so if we don't meet at 11:30, I'll be in big trouble at work."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "Eh? Yeah, 11:30, my phone... zzz"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 Latoya noticed Carla's phone plugged into the wall on the floor. The screen was locked, but clearly showed that an alarm had been set for 10:30. Latoya laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "Thank you for setting an alarm for me, Speedy," she said kissing Carla on her forehead. Carla made a delighted murmur and turned over, facing the back of the couch. Latoya draped a blanket over her before leaving.}
\par\pard\plain \sa600\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \sa640\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 The bus ride to work was slow and uneventful. Traffic was awful down Denny. It gave Latoya some time to read the latest book she was reading, on a new technology she wanted to pick up for work. It was about the 12th web framework that Ramsey had decided to switch to in the last month, and the constant switching was driving Latoya mad.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 When she read yesterday, she had found the author's tone annoying and cloying, with constant jokes and references to geeky media. But for some reason, she found these jokes really engaging today. She had caught herself chuckling several times already, and one reference to Red Dwarf actually made her begin to guffaw, before a glance from the guy in the seat across from her made her stop.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 She felt very strange and antsy, and eager to get to work and walk around.}}