{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Latoya, (The Player Character) is a curvy black cis woman in her early 30s, who wears her hair in short curls. She used to have longer dyed blue dreads, but she cut them off for a job hunt.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Latoya used to be a perfect little angel, Ms. Know-it-all, Lisa Simpson type in school but began to let her hair down in college, and became rather outspoken and unorthodox. She saw her tight laced HS self as limiting her social opportunities.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She has been working as a computer programmer for about 8 years, though she has been limited to the SDET role, because she was very vocal about bugs in other people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s code, and \u8220\'93that\u8217\'92s why they had to sideline \u8216\'91that black bitch\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 She actually tends to be quiet and more of a slow burn than the traditional \u8220\'93sassy black lady\u8221\'94, but her early years in the tech sector brought out the worst in her. She\u8217\'92s very good at appearing pleasing and calm, but she can flip to \u8220\'93hood rat\u8221\'94 in seconds. But neither of those modes are really her, who is very loving and cuddly and much more easily hurt than she lets on, though she does enjoy teasing her friends. (She was great at the dozens.)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She is returning to work for Glaistig, a large online merchant (this universe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s version of Amazon), after had taken time off to \u8220\'93just like chill and stuff\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93make shit I actually care about\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93pursue personal projects\u8221\'94 depending on who\u8217\'92s asking. She\u8217\'92s found herself increasingly frustrated with the male-centric world of programming, but it does seem to be what helps her live-in girlfriend, Carla have the free time to pursue her art.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She is originally from Atlanta, Georgia, and went to school in California (I want to say Caltech, but really, I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t intend to go too into it.)}}