{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Carla is a Japanese-American skinny, tall, lanky cis woman a few years younger than Latoya (so Clara is in her late 20s). She tends to wear her natural black straight back-length hair under an orange bandanna. She has one orange highlighted bang. She prefers to wear overalls with a work shirt and tends not to change her own style very much, saving her creative energies for her work.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Clara went to a small private school in California (One of the Claremont colleges perhaps) for art. She tends to focus on very messy, three-dimensional paintings, though with Latoya\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s help, she\u8217\'92s begun bringing in more and more digital aspects to her art. She can be a bit scattered brained, and like, definitely has that like, you know, valley girl accent, because, that\u8217\'92s just like how they talked, y\u8217\'92know? But she definitely means well and aims to keep her word, she just is often taken by flights of fancy. She works as an artist, though more for her own and Latoya\u8217\'92s edification than anything else.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Latoya and Carla have been \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93uh, I don\u8217\'92t know on-and-off girlfriends, fuck buddies, or something\u8221\'94 for nearly 10 years now. They\u8217\'92ve considered getting married as it\u8217\'92s now legal, but it actually wasn\u8217\'92t that big an advantage, and Latoya worried about what her conservative mother would think (Latoya\u8217\'92s Mother Maddie would be fine with it, Latoya\u8217\'92s just worrying too much). }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Clara is a third generation Japanese-American, with an uptight brother named Robert. Her grandfather and grandmother met in the internment camps during WW2, and spent the after war years in various counter-cultural movements, when her father was born. Her father was raised in this same group of musicians and artists (he was prominent in the punk scene), and eventually met and married a Japanese cellist. Clara actually doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know very much Japanese, both her parents wanted to integrate into American culture, so she took after her white friends a lot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her parents are getting up in age, and \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Robby\u8221\'94 has been pressuring her to find a more reasonable profession, and to take on some of the \u8220\'93burden\u8221\'94 of being heads of the Takemura clan. Clara\u8217\'92s response has basically been, \u8220\'93Like, Oh my God, Robby, we\u8217\'92re not like samurais or something.\u8221\'94}}