{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Rubik-Medium;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ramsey is an athletic (though the coding world has put some weight on him), slightly above average height mixed-race cis man a few years older than Latoya (so in his mid 30s) and is a new Senior Software Development Lead at Glaistig. He is the child of a Mexican father, and an Indian mother, who married after his mother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s first husband from an arranged marriage died. He is originally from the Bay Area. While neither of his parents were part of the tech sector, they were both adjacent and highly pressured Ramsey into pursuing it. Ramsey considered himself a good child, so he did. He\u8217\'92s liked it OK, but he wonders if he\u8217\'92s a bit too square.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ramsey and Latoya went to the same college, with Ramsey graduating two years before Latoya. The year Ramsey graduated, he and Latoya dated, but couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t maintain a long distance relationship, mainly because Latoya was struggling with coming out, and found her new beau, Clara. Ramsey was a bit hurt, but figured that was going to happen and gave his blessing for Latoya to pursue Clara. Ramsey spent about 5 years in Silicon Valley companies before pursuing an opportunity at Glaistig about 3 years ago. It was at a Glaistig mixer for their college that Latoya and Ramsey re-encountered each other. Clara and Latoya were on a \u8220\'93break\u8221\'94 (Latoya\u8217\'92s decision) due to the dissolved marriage plans, and sparks flew between Ramsey and Latoya. Latoya called Clara and asked, and now Clara had her chance to give her permission to Ramsey, which she gave with relish, because \u8220\'93everyone should have some of that chocolate pudding!\u8221\'94 (Clara is kind of a relationship anarchist.)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ramsey and Latoya had some good times together, and that helped Latoya recover her spirit after the passing of her father, and Ramsey to settle in at Glaistig and Seattle, which he was having trouble with earlier. However, Latoya knew that it couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really be more than that, her first love was Clara. Though, a three way was in the plans\u8230\'85 Two Years ago, Latoya was moved into Ramsey\u8217\'92s team, and rather than report the relationship, they ended it. Shortly after, Latoya left to take a break from work (at Ramsey\u8217\'92s urging). Now, Latoya is newly back on Ramsey\u8217\'92s team at Glaistig.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ramsey hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really moved on from Latoya, but hasn\u8217\'92t really felt much pressure to find a relationship. In the midst of giving his advice to Latoya, he realized that he himself had little idea what he liked in life, and is still mulling that over. In some way, becoming a lead and now a senior lead was a bit of a distraction from him finding his path. His team works on advertising AI that attempts to determine which customers are merely looking, and which are intending to buy. He\u8217\'92s recently been able to let his team be more \u8220\'93research oriented\u8221\'94, but that\u8217\'92s not exactly lowered the pressure from the business side to get results and increase conversions. He was idly considering taking a sabbatical when Latoya came back from hers. Latoya has put a little life back into him, but with his own new manager, Ramsey is trying to make the formerly free-roaming team a bit more organized.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 His parents seem pretty useless for advice because they just say they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll support him no matter what, and his friends from the Bay aren\u8217\'92t really available to give him advice. He\u8217\'92s not really made good social connections in Seattle yet.}}